Add 3.11 (#194)
ember-learn/ember-blog: source/2019-07-19-the-ember-times-issue-107.md

---

## [Ember 3.11 Is Out 🚀](https://blog.emberjs.com/2019/07/15/ember-3-11-released.html)

> A lot of **cool new features** has been released as part of Ember 3.11. With Ember.js 3.11 you now have access to features like the `on` modifier, the `fn` helper and much more. With 3.11 there's also a deprecation of `Function.prototype.observes`.

Reviewer: What do you think about

```suggestion
A lot of **cool new features** have been released as part of Ember 3.11. With Ember.js 3.11 you now have access to features like the `on` modifier, the `fn` helper and much more. With 3.11 there's also a deprecation of `Function.prototype.observes`.
```
?

> For Ember Data 3.11 contains the much awaited `Packages feature` which allows you to use a new import syntax.

Reviewer: What do you think about the following change?

```suggestion
Furthermore, Ember Data 3.11 contains the [much awaited `Packages feature`](https://emberjs.github.io/rfcs/0395-ember-data-packages.html) which allows you to use a new import syntax.
```
